I can hear your mom in the background
victus dog my sister yeah goddamnit
Holly what is she doing over there she
being a slutty slut oh shit fuck oh what
a wonderful throw wasted come here
hey sneak champ turn around oh yeah oh
yeah oh I'm feeling this game I'm
feeling this game like you're feeling my
sister right yeah okay good come here
you son of a bitch come here you son of
a bitch
no stay champ come here Oh
good night Don get tonight on come here
come here
oh how I had the knife going into you
when that happened I'll have some of
some straight bitch I've ever seen some
no it's okay as long as I don't get
tomahawks yes let's go after the guy in
first
he's over here he's in the gold its life
is but a dream
oh yeah we need to tomahawk him you guys
we're gonna make a team effort not me
not me you motherfucker glad I got 100
points back asshole so many tomahawked
me I'm not even in first what are you
thinking tomahawk me get out of here oh
oh man alright alright guys that's how
you're gonna be
trying to set bait so I can have people
walk into my crossbow bolts but it's
just not working for you guys that I
want to have a party in the pants come
here
there you go yeah you go there you go
there you go oh my god lag switch there
you go alright bankrupt awesome
super fun game fucking ah boom no no
okay I got a little crazy yeah got
myself a little worked up there I'm not
gonna lie I have an erection Jeb I have
an erection how does that make you feel
it doesn't make you feel like shit so it
makes you feel good makes them feel good
that I have a boner you guys know hey
I'm only 55 dude that's not I think I
sound pretty pretty cool and young and
hip for being 55 Oh what you know about
reality is the money
I'm as real as it gets phones and as
real as it gets
oh shit I'm on that next level tomahawk
shit
you know what I'm saying no life is but
a dream oh you're a dick you have a
really cool name but you're a dick you
the you're the guy at the Thanksgiving
dinner that takes all the white meat off
the turkey it doesn't leave any for
anybody else your fucking dick
everything oh what a nice little
airborne for the double for the double
come here come here
who wants some I'll give you some come
here bitches come halt you stuck me know
you guys take down the guy in first go
after the guy first
he's fucking we need to tomahawking make
him loose make him cry well shit oh shit
tomahawks tomahawks yeah oh yeah
want some more want some more oh no what
the hell that night didn't even go
through what the fuck
jab jab I know you're rockin out of here
and somehow I take second and actually
gain some more money yeah we should
touch
oh yeah good job
oh and the fucking forehead Jeff I love
you